Hello and welcome to Icon Library manager
In this video, I will show you how to create and update icon libraries by importing svg files
First, let’s import our files.
I will use the carbon icon set for this video, which you can get on GitHub or npm
For this demo I’m installing an older version, so we can see the update process later
Navigate to the folder called „svg“ and accept. This will take a second.
Now, ILM displays all files in the selected folder and any subfolders and we can create our library
The plugin automatically turned all icons into components. As you can see on the left, the original folder structure is preserved.
Let’s publish the library
Now I can enable the library in my design file and start inserting icons
Great!
Time to head back to our library file and update it with the latest version of carbon icons, which I've already prepared here
Make sure to always select the same folder when importing icons, so ILM can track changed icons
Now, we get a list of all changes that have occurred between the old version in my file and the one I just imported
Green are new icons and blue changed
Here are some more
Let’s apply the changes
As you can see the list got a bit larger, because there are about 300 new icons
Because ILM doesn't replace any icons, but instead updates the ones that are changed, the component update panel markes them correctly as changed
Now we can update our Figma file
Since ILM only applies changes to components where necessary, we get clean library updates and the component update panel only shows icons modified in the source folder.
If you look closely, you can see our component update was successful
Thank you for watching!